

                      SeanKelson's Metal Marines Walkthrough
                               SeanKelson@aol.com

Table Of Contents
1---Introduction
2---Commands
    A. Building List
    B. Attacking
3---Battle Strategies
4---Tips & Tricks
5---Missions
6---Other Information
    A. Contact Information
	B. Licensing
	C. Credits


-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~
                             Section 1: Introduction
-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~

    This walkthrough is over the Super Nintendo game called Metal Marines.  The
game is a strategy game where you play a general in a millitant faction of
colonial people.  You go around the world, battling different people and
expanding your empire.
Your battlefields consist of two islands, one for you and one for your
rival.
You will build different buildings on your island and launch attacks in an
attempt to destroy the opponent's headquarters.  After the headquarters is
destroyed, you can move onto the next mission.
    This walkthrough does not go too in-depth into the missions.  Instead, this
walkthrough tends to focus more on the general strategies that will help you
through the entire game.


-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~
                            Section 2: Commands
-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~

    On the left side of the screen as you are playing Metal Marieners, there are
four columns (two visible) of commands you have.  The commands range from
leveling rubble so you can build on the ground again, attacking the enemy, or
building an air radar.


                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
                                A: Commands List
                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

    Here is the list of the commands you can use, what they do, and how much
they cost:  (Listed from command list as top to bottom, left to right)

          Item:  Missile
        Cost: $10
        Cost to Upgrade: $40
        Description: A missile will hold a missle you can use during an attack.
                     After you attack, a new missile will be built after a litte
                     bit of time.  Missles will also be used to attack you.

          Item: AAMissile (Anti-Aircraft Missile)
        Cost: $15
        Cost to Upgrade: $50
        Description: A. A. Missiles will shoot down enemy missiles and have
                     potential to shoot down transport planes with Metal
                     Marines in them, so as long as the missiles hit their
                     target.

          Item: M.Marine (Metal Marine)
        Cost: $20
        Cost to Upgrade: $45
        Description: Metal Marines will defend against landing enemy Metal
                     Marines, or can be used to attack the enemy.

          Item: Gun Pod
        Cost: $10
        Description: Gun Pods will shoot enemy Metal Marines when they land.

          Item: Lnd-Mine (Land Mines)
        Cost: $10
        Description: Land Mines will destroy enemy Metal Marines that walk over
                     them.

          Item: AA-Radar (Anti-Aircraft Radar)
        Cost: $50
        Description: Anti-Aircaft Radars increase the accuracy of your A. A.
                     Missiles.

          Item: I.C.B.M.
        Cost: $255
        Description: I.C.B.M.'s are large buildings that take up a 3 by 3
                     square.  I.C.B.M.'s are missiles that can be used in
                     attacks.  These types of missiles cannot be shot down by
                     enemy A. A. Missiles, but of course, you can't shoot the
                     enemy's down either.

          Item: Supply-HQ
        Cost: $75
        Description: Supply Headquarters increase your money.  Your War Funds
                     increase by 1 + the number of Supply Headquarters per
                     second of gameplay.

          Item: Eng-Plant
        Cost: $50
        Description: Energy Plants increase your energy.  Your Total Energy
                     increases by 1 + the number of Energy Plants you have
                     per second of gameplay.

          Item: Factory
        Cost: $100
        Description: Factories decrease the time it takes to build buildings.

          Item: DummyBase
        Cost: $30
        Description: Dummy Bases look like real bases, so the enemy will target
                     them if he finds one.  The enemy will waste attack strength
                     attempting to destroy the base.

          Item: DummyUnit
        Cost: $10
        Description: A Dummy Unit appears to the enemy like it may be a location
                     of a Base.  The enemy will send missles to the Dummy Unit
                     to try to uncover a hidden base.

          Item: Grid-Mode
        Description: This triggers the grid on the map on and off.

          Item: Unit Data
        Description: This will show you your base.  You'll be able to get hit
                     points or similar information from the map you'll see when
                     you use the Unit Data.

          Item: Unit Del
        Description: This lets you select a building to demolish inside your
                     base.

          Item: Attack
        Description: This command allows you to launch an attack on the enemy's
                     island.

          Item: Leveling
        Cost: $5
        Description: This lets you fix war-torn ground and make it so you can
                     build on it.

          Item: Radio SW
        Description: This lets you choose if you wish to recieve messages from
                     the enemy.

          Item: M.M's Arm
        Description: This lets you choose the gun of each of your Metal
                     Marines.

          Item: Build Up
        Cost: See individual buildings.
        Description: This lets you upgrade buildings to be stronger.


                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
                                  B: Attacking
                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

    When you attack, you can send up to four missiles and up to three Metal
Marines.  First, select missiles from your base.  You want to select the ones
closer to the right side of the map, as ones farther into your base will use
more energy to fly farther.  Then, you select targets for the missiles.  As you
do this, keep in mind that A. A. Missiles will shoot you down if you aim too far
into (to the right) of their base.  It will also use more energy.
    Then, select what Metal Marines will fly off.  Choose the area they will
fall into (a 6x6 square).  After all this is done, you can commence the attack.
Your missiles will launch into their base.  Following, a ship of your Metal
Marines will take off and land at your selected drop point.  Now you can choose
locations in the 6x6 square for your Metal Marines to start the battle in.  Try
choosing areas farther away from clusters of Gun Pods.  The battle will last a
maximum of 60 seconds, though it is likely that it will not go that long.  Your
Metal Marines will automatically attack, though you can propose targets to them
with the aimer.  Once all of the enemy's buildings or all of your Metal Marines
in the 6x6 square are gone, the battle ends.
    Though it's fun attacking, it's important to remember that the enemy can
also attack you.  When the enemy attacks you, they will launch missiles and
Metal Marines at you.  And, you will have to defend yourself.
    By having Metal Marines destroy the enemy's base, you will win the scenario
and proceed to the next harder scenario.  Since all the scenarios don't have
many unique strategies pertaining to them, I do not go into in-depth strategies
for each mission.  Instead, I just give you general strategies to use.


-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~
                          Section 3: Battle Strategies
-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~

    The most important part of Metal Marines is to carefully place your limited
number of buildings.  By placing your buildings, you have potential to attack
the enemy and intercept their attacks.  Below are several unique strategies you
can use to place your buildings.

          Strategy #1: Anti-Ballistic

    This strategy involves mostly AA Radars and AA Missiles.  To play this
strategy, you want to put several AA Missiles and a few Gun Pods one the right
side of your base (the side that's closest to the enemy's base).  Place AA
Radars at least six squares behind the AA Missiles.  Put some Gun Pods in the
row with the AA Radars as well.  About every third square in the column in
between the AA Missiles and Radars, place a Metal Marine.  Your defense should
look something like the following:  (R=Radar, A=AA Missile, G=Gun Pod, M=Metal
Marine, -=Nothing)
--------G
R---M---A
G-------A
R---M---G
G-------A
R---M---A
--------G
    The idea behind this strategy is that your front line will shoot down any
missiles that come close to the base, and might actually shoot down some
transport planes of Metal Marines.  The Gun Pods and Metal Marines can destroy
any enemy Metal Marines that land and attempt to destroy your aircraft barrier.
There still is a chance that a missile might come and land on the shore without
being hit by your missiles.  For safety, you probably want your defense to start
two squares from the shore, as missiles can land there without much problem.

          Strategy #2: Elite Building Team

    This strategy is designed to construct buildings very fast.  Begin the game
by building a Supply Headquarters in the back of your base.  Build a Factory buy
the Supply Headquarters, then place some Gun Pods and Metal Marines by the two
buildings (which should be on the left side of your base, away from the enemy's
base).  Now you can start defending the front of the base.  The back of your
base should look something like this:  (G=Gun Pod, M=Metal Marine, $=Supply
Headquarters, F=Factory, -=Nothing)
-M-
$-G
F-G
-M-
    The idea behind this strategy is to provide yourself with increased war
funds (from the Supply Headquarters) and the ability to quickly construct
buildings (from the Factory).  Though it's a rather expensive start and it
doesn't immediately defend your base, it provides the resources you need to
rapidly set up a front line of defenses, as well as provides a safe place in the
back for you to put important buildings.

          Strategy #3: Targeted Clusters

    To start this strategy, you'll want to build two Dummy Bases.  One should be
placed in a middle column near the top of your base, and the other should be
placed in a middle column at the bottom of your base.  Defend these bases with
AA Missles, AA Radars, Gun Pods, and Metal Marines.  Each cluster around the
Dummy Base should look as follows:  (G=Gun Pod, M-Metal Marine, R=Rader, A=AA
Missile, %=Dummy Base, -=Nothing)
-M---
GRAG-
-A%AM
GRAG-
-M---
    This strategy creates two targets for the enemy that appear to be well
defended bases.  The enemy will target these.  Not only will the defenses
counter most of the attacks, they will also provide some general defense for
whatever other buildings you have.  This strategy takes time to start.  I do not
recommend commencing construction on the clusters until you have some general
defenses on the buildings in your base.

          Strategy #4: Surprise Attack

    This strategy is designed to buy you more time to build up your base.  If
you start with any missiles or Metal Marines, immediately send them over to the
enemies base as soon as the game starts.  By attacing the enemy's base at the
beginning of the game, you will get yourself an opportunity to build up as the
enemy rebuilds.  If you use the Surprise Attack strategy, you probably want to
launch another attack as soon as your missiles rebuild.  This way, you pummel
the enemy with a series of attacks, buying you time to build up your defenses.

          Strategy #5: Sudden Death

    Begin the game with a Surprise Attack, as above.  But, instead of building
defense buildings, build missiles and Metal Marines.  That way, you are able to
pummel the enemy with a series of very constant attacks.  Devote all of your
funds to Missiles and Metal Marines.  Also spend monsey on upgrading these.
With all the buildings you have constructed, you will have the ability to send a
constant flow of attacks over to the enemy.
    The hope behind this barbaric approach to the game is that the enemy's
Missiles and Metal Marines will get destroyed.  This way, they will not be able
to attack you.

          Strategy #6: Doomsday Device

Initially, build a Supply Headquarters.  Build several AA Missiles, Gun
Pods,
and Metal Marines to defend your base.  Once you feel your base is safe,
construct two more Supply Headquarters.  Now your War Funds should be increasing
at a rate of at least $4 a second.  Build an Energy Plant.  Then, use your
money,
which will accumulate very fast, to build an I.C.B.M.  As the I.C.B.M. is being
constructed, send your Metal Marines, one at a time, over to the enemy's base to
find where the largets cluster of buildings is.  Launch an I.C.B.M. at this
large cluster and BOOM!
    The idea behind this is that the Base of the enemy is in this large cluster.
The I.C.B.M. will lay waste to anything it hits.  You'll be able to send over a
few Metal Marines and blow the base away.

          Strategy #7: Double Missiles

    At the beginning, build a few Metal Marines and a few AA Missiles.  Build
Missiles by these defenses.  Immediately upgrade your missles to double missles
and attack the enemy's island constantly.  Keep attacking the enemy's island,
and build buildings on your island between raids.
    The idea of this strategy is that the enemy will never be able to build up
their air defense.  You can send Metal Marines over after your pummel of
missiles and quickly abolish their base.


-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~
                            Section 4: Tips & Tricks
-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~

    This section contains small little tips that can help you throughout your
battles in Metal Marines.

    - If you use Metal Marines to target areas with Air Radars and AA Missles,
you can help increase the chances of getting your missiles into their base.

    - Defend important buildings with Gun Pods and Metal Marines.  Also, locate
important buildings on the left side of your base.

    - Start over on a level if you aren't doing that great on the level.

    - Target at different heights (up and dowm) on the enemy's base if you can
not get past a certain height due to AA Missiles.

    - Attack whenever possible.  The only way you'll ever win this game is if
you attack the enemy constantly.


-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~
                              Section 5: Missions
-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~

    This section briefly covers the missions in the game.  This section provides
the name of the mission, general location of the enemy's Base, and a brief
strategy for each of the 20 missions in this game.

          Mission 1: Gaea
    As the first mission in the game, this mission is very easy.  You start out
with a large developed base.  Since this is the first mission of the game, use
this mission to get used to the game.
The opponent's Base is located in the center of the lower area of his
island.
    Strategy: There isn't much advanced strategy involved in this attack.  Send
over missiles to eliminate a few AA Missiles around the shore, then send
missiles and Metal Marines over towards the Base to eliminate buildings, locate
the Base, and then find the Base.  If you're having trouble defending against
the enemy's attacks, upgrage your various AA Missiles and build Metal Marines
around them to defend against opposing Metal Marines.

          Mission 2: Cougar
    This mission requires you to develope your base more then the first, as
everything is very spread out and vulnerable to the enemy's constant raids with
Metal Marines.
    The opponent has two bases in this mission.  One is near the left side of
the center elevated area on their island, and the other is back in the upper
right corner of the island.
    Strategy: As soon as you start, shoot your missiles over to the closer Base
the enemy has.  Then, prepare your island for raids.  Scatter Metal Marines by
the clusters of buildings.  As your missiles return, launch them over to the
closer Base until it is destroyed.  Once the first Base is destroyed, your
island should probably be fairly defended.  Now you can build a Supply
Headquarters in a safe place on your island to provide increased income.  You
also should have four Missiles, two of which should be upgraded.  Now, shoot
missiles over to the enemy's other base.  Carefully "crawl" closer to it with
your missiles, eliminating Gun Pods and AA Missiles.  Use upgraded Metal Marines
to raid the enemy, but be sure not to leave a weak point in your base.  You
should be able to destroy the enemy's remaining Base and complete this mission.

          Mission 3: Eagle
    This mission is at about the same difficulty as its predecessor.  Your base
is fairly well defended, but lacks in Metal Marines.  You start with two ugraded
missiles, which gives you a fast start.
    The enemy has one Base.  The Base is at the very center of the hill on the
right side of his base.
    Strategy: As soon as the mission starts, launch your missiles to the shore
of the enemy's base to begin eliminating AA Missiles.  While you wait for the
missiles to rebuild, build Metal Marines around your base to defend against an
enemy invasion.  Also, build two more Missiles.  Once your Missiles rebuild,
beginning edging into their base from the shore.  Once you edge your way towards
the hill, be sure to attack the very center of the hill.  Drop some Metal
Marines down to the Base so they can kill it.

          Mission 4: Bison
    In this mission, you are attacking an island that has been built up.
Although the enemy will not launch as many attacks on you as he may have in
other missions, you will have to launch a lot of attacks on him.
    In this mission, the enemy has four bases.  One is in the middle of a hill
in the upper right corner of the base.  The other three bases are in the lower
right hand of the corner.  One of those three is inside the roads.  The other
two are outside of the roads.
    Strategy: As soon as the mission starts, you'll want to launch your missiles
to either the lower or upper part of the island.  Immediately build AA Missiles
on the right coast of the island.  Also, build two more Missiles.  Through this
time, you should be launching missiles, edging your way towards the four bases.
Once all this is done, you'll want to build a Supply Headquarters and an Air
Radar.  You'll also want to build an Energy Plant.  By the time the Energy Plant
is built, you should have edged your way to the bases, and you might have
already taken out some with Metal Marines.  Once the enemy's defenses are
lowered, you'll be able to bring in Metal Marines and take out the four bases.

          Mission 5: Grampus
    You start this mission on snowy terrain.  Similar to prior missions, you
have two upgraded missiles at the beginning.  But, also similar to other
scenarios, your base is vulnerable to attacks.
    In this scenario, the enemy has two bases.  One is on the lower part of the
upper island, to the left.  The other base is in the middle horizontally on the
right side of the island.
    Strategy: At the beginning of this scenario, launch your missiles to the
lower island.  By knocking out the buildings here, you can slow the enemy's rate
of attacking.  Build an Energy Plant and a Supply Headquarters.  As you do this,
build AA Missiles on the right side of your base.  This area looks beefed up,
but it is very vulnerable to missile attacks.  You'll also want to put some
Metal Mariners near the back of your base, where most of your important
buildings should be.  While these defenses are built up, you'll want to work on
eliminating the enemy's front line of defenses.  Do this by attacking directly
by the shore on the upper island.  Slowly edge your way in.  As you do this,
build two more Missiles.  As you edge your way in, you'll destroy various
clusters.  This will slow down their process of attacking.  Occasionally, the
enemy will launch attacks on you.  These attacks will be aimed near the back of
your island primarily.  Make sure that area is defended well, so you don't lose
any of your valuable missiles.  With a well-defended island, you should be able
to root out the Bases of the enemy.

          Mission 6: Iceberg
    This scenario takes place in a rocky snow world.  You do start with two
missiles, but, unlike prior scenarios, they aren't upgraded.  You also have
defenses, but they aren't nearly enough.
    In this scenario, the enemy has two Bases.  One of the bases is in the
middle of the hill in the middle of their island.  The other is at the base of
the hill to the right of the first Base.
    Strategy:  Launch the missiles to the base of the hill to knock out some AA
Missiles at the beginning of the scenario.  Immediately construct several AA
Missiles on the right side of your base and an AA Radar.  In addition, build a
Supply Headquarters.  After the defenses are done, you'll want to add a few
scattered Gun Pods and Metal Marines.  You'll also want to build two more
missiles.  As you are doing this, you'll want to be aiming your missiles further
and further into the hill.  You should manage to avoid the AA Missiles coming at
you.  Send your missiles further and further to the right of their hill, and
you'll be able to attack the bases with Marines.  This scenario is easy as long
as you keep your island defended with AA Missiles.

          Mission 7: Eurostorm I
    This is the first mission in which you actually get to build a base from
scratch.  The scenario features a rocky terrain with few places to build, so you
will probably want to cluster all your bases in one area.
    The enemy has four bases in this scenario.  Each is on the big island, one
each between the center point and each of the corners of the island.
    Strategy:  Initially, build AA Missiles around your bases and build a Supply
Headquarters or two as well as an AA Radar, some Gun Pods, and several Metal
Marines.  Once you feel defended, build a Missile.  Use it to knock out the
enemy's supplies on the small island.  You'll be able to slow the enemy greatly
by destroying their sources of income.  Another group of buildings is in the
upper left corner of the main island.  You'll want to blow these buildings out
as well.  Once that is done, proceed to targeting the main island.  Crawl in, as
you have done on all of the other missions.  Be sure to construct three more
Missiles and an Energy Plant.  Since you will have a lot of Metal Marines, you
might want to send several over to the enemy after their income is slowed.  This
is because the enemy will not be assaulting you as much.  You will also be able
to effectively kill the enemy's Metal Marines they have lying around in their
base.  You will have crippled the enemy and now you will be able to meticulously
eliminate each of the Bases.

          Mission 8: Eurostorm II
    In this mission, you build your base on a C-shaped island.  You have a few
measly defenses at the beginning of the game, but nothing too exceptional.
You'll want to choose an area to cluster your buildings and work on defending
that area.
    The enemy has three bases in this scenario.  One is near the bottom right
corner of the island.  Another is near the large single square up and down
peninsula.  The final Base lies to the right of that base.
    Strategy: This scenario gets tough.  At the beginning, you'll want to
immediately place several AA Missiles around your buildings on the island.
You'll also want to place several Supply Headquarters.  Once you get that done,
place some Metal Marines around to defend against a land invasion.  Place a few
Gun Pods, as well.  As you do that, go ahead and place four Missiles and an AA
Radar.  Once the Missiles are built, launch them at the enemy.  You'll want to
carefully target away from the small peninsula until you upgrade your Missiles.
Send a group of Metal Marines over to the small peninsula and pound the AA
Missiles.  Now you won't have as much trouble getting in their base.  As long as
you have several Supply Headquarters constructed, you can keep using the funds
to build buildings in your base that will help you defend against enemy strikes.
By sending upgraded Metal Marines over to their base as well as missiles, you'll
eventually manage to destroy the enemy.

          Mission 9: Eurostorm III
    For this mission, you will build your base on four large islands, and one
dinky one too.  However, the only truly good island to build is the one on the
lower right.  The others have too difficult of terrain.
    The enemy has three bases in this mission.  One is on the island in the
upper left corner of their area.  Another base is located in the top area of the
large island.  The final base is in the lower area of the large island on the
right side.
    Strategy: This scenario is rather difficult.  Begin by building several
Supply Headquarters.  Be sure to scatter your important buildings over all the
islands.  Be sure you scatter your bases as well.  The enemy will start throwing
missiles at you chaotically.  You'll probably lose your buildings in the
process.
Don't try to rebuild them as the enemy is attacking.  After the enemy's string
of attacks are done, start using money you've saved to build AA Missiles all
over the right side of lower right island.  Clear trees if you need to.  Build
some AA Radars, scattered Metal Marines and Gun Pods, and be sure to place them
all on the lower right island.  Clear trees on the island if necessary.  Be sure
to build up plently of AA Missiles, you'll need them.  If you've built up
properly, you should survive the next attack.  After the next attack, upgrade
buildings and build Missiles for attacks.  Attacking the enemy isn't terribly
difficult in this scenario.  You should be able to take out their base without
much trouble once you have a well defended area.

          Mission 10: Artemis
    In this mission, you construct your base on a large island with a lot of
hills.  There's a small island too, but it's not big enough to construct many
buildings on it.
In this scenario, the enemy has four bases.  One is in the upper left
corner.
It is right behind the hills that are in the same corner.  The next base is in
the middle of the hill near the center right of the island.  Another base is in
the lower left corner of the base, on the right side of the flat area through
the hilly terrain.  The last base lies to the left of the previous listed base.
It is at the base of the hill.
    Strategy: This scenario sort of flows like the prior scenario.  Begin simply
constructing Supply Headquarters.  Scatter them.  The enemy will attack and
obliviate most of your buildings, but you'll have cash.  After the attack, place
down several defenses defending any of your remaining bases.  Use plenty of AA
Missiles and a few AA Radars.  Once your done building Metal Marines and Gun
Pods, go on and build up Supply Headquarters you've lost.  You should manage to
survive the next set of attacks.  You'll want to build Missiles and upgrade
them,
as well as upgrade your Metal Marines.  This way, you can raid your opponent's
base and finish the mission after some trouble.  Just keep your base protected
and you'll do fine.

          Mission 11: Poseidon
    In this scenario, your base is a very hilly area with a river running out of
the island you're on.  The terrain in this scenario will be very harsh to you in
the way of places to build.
    For this scenario, the enemy has three bases.  One is in the dead middle of
the island, just in that little area where the hills curve in then curve out.
His other bases are slightly above and to the right of that one, and slightly
below and to the right of the prior one of the two mentioned.
    Strategy: This scenario is relaxing compared to the prior ones.  Build a few
Supply Headquarters at the beginning, and then following with defenses of a
couple AA Missiles and an AA Radar or two.  Your enemy's attacks are much weaker
then they have been lately.  Be sure to add in Metal Marines and Gun Pods to
defend against an opposing raid of Metal Marines.  You'll want to make sure you
have yourself mostly defended.  Once you do, you can start launching attacks on
them.  You won't have much trouble if you managed to conquer the prior
scenarios.

          Mission 12: Kingdom
    The terrain of the large island this scenario takes place on looks similar
to that of the Poseidon mission.  However, the enemy has similar terrain, making
their buildings scattered more, which makes it easier for you to attack them.
    In this scenario, the enemy has four bases.  One is in the middle of their
island, one just up and to the left of that one, one in the upper right corner,
and one in the lower right corner.
    Strategy: You'll want to quickly build defenses for your bases after
building some Supply Headquarters.  Build several AA Missiles around your bases
and you should be able to counter most of the enemy air strikes.  You might take
some damage, but after it, build up Metal Marines, AA Missiles, AA Radars, and
Gun Pods.  Use them as you have before to defend your base.  As I said earlier,
the enemy's hilly terrain makes their buildings more spread out, so that makes
it easier for you to launch missiles at them.  You should be able to knock out
all the opposing bases.

          Mission 13: Sand Storm
    Your base looks nice and pretty in this scenario.  Your base is a round
island with hills around the outside and hills on the inside.  There's plenty of
places to build, but there will be constant enemy attacks pummeling you.
    In this scenario, the enemy has three bases.  They all are a little right of
the center column of the island.  One base is at the top, another in the middle,
and the last at the bottom.
    Strategy: Begin by building several Supply Headquarters.  The enemy will
attack you and might hit one, but probably not.  Now begin construction of air
defenses.  You won't get far until more missiles come whizzing through the air,
but it will give the oopponent a target away from your Supply Headquarters and
bases if you continue building air defenses.  As you build air defenses,
eventually you will want to build missiles.  Send the missiles over to burn
their base.  It will slow their attacks down.  Though you might keep getting
bombed, you can send over groups of missiles that will hit their Missiles and
Energy Plants.  That's a big win for you.  Once the attacks stop surging, you
can easily take out their bases.

          Mission 14: Zihard
    In this scenario, your base is moderately hilly, but not to the point where
building becomes harder.  The left side of your base is particularly good for
building important buildings.
    The enemy has but one base in this mission.  His base is in the upper left
corner of his island.
    Strategy: Initially, build a couple Supply Headquarters.  Following, build
several Gun Pods and Metal Marines by your buildings to defend against an enemy
raid of Metal Marines.  Once you get defenses up, go ahead and launch missiles
over to the enemy's base.  Send over some Metal Marines too.  This scenario
shouldn't be too difficult as long as you aren't blasted out of the world by the
Metal Marine attacks at the beginning of the game.

          Mission 15: Kiwi
    Your base in this scenario is a rather hilly island.  There's enough space
to build stuff in though, so that shouldn' be much of a worry.  However, you'll
get whacked down by missiles and Metal Marines if you aren't careful.
    The enemy has one base in this scenario.  It is in the middle of their
island.
    Strategy: You'll want to start by building many Gun Pods and Metal Marines
for ground combat.  You also want to throw in construction of a Supply
Headqarters or two, but don't build a lot yet, as you need lots of Gun Pods and
Metal Marines.  After the first attack on you ceases, it's your turn.  Take
those Metal Marines you have (whichever ones are surviving) and drop them into
the center left side of their base to start taking out enemy missiles.  This
makes it easier for you.  Now you can build up some more Supply Headquarters.
You can also launch an attack on their base, which isn't very defended, so it
shouldn't be very hard to take it out.

          Mission 16: Snarl Shark
    This is a tough scenario, as your moderately hilly island gets smashed by
upgraded Metal Mariners at the very beginning.
    Your enemy has three bases.  Imagine lines from the peninsulas to the right,
then look in between each set of lines.  There are three bases in these
locations near the far right of the enemy's base.
    Strategy: Build two Supply Headquarters in the beginning, and as many Gun
Pods as you can.  You probably will only manage to weaken the first wave of
Metal Marines, but that's fine.  Keep reconstructing Gun Pods, and just hope the
enemy doesn't find your base.  Once youve blasted several Metal Marines, you can
send Missiles over to the enemy base.  You'll want to build up some AA defense
too.  You should be able to wipe out enough of the enemy so that you won't have
to keep rebuilding defenses as they are taken down.  You should be able to
manage to take out the enemy bases.  The beginning is the hardest part of the
scenario.

          Mission 17: Marlion
    The island you have in this scenario is circular and has an outer ring of
hills and a middle ring of hills, sort of like a donut.  Fortunately, this
scenario is easier then Snarl Shark.
    The enemy has four bases in this scenario.  Three are in the middle of the
far right island, and the other is at the top of it.
    Strategy: Begin by building a few Supply Headquarters and proceed with an
excess of AA Missiles.  With a good AA defense, you wont have terribly much to
worry about.  Once your defenses are up, build two Energy Plants and four
missiles and rain fire on the enemy.  You'll be able to take out the enemy, so
as long as you keep your base defended.

          Mission 18: Chinglong
    Your base in this scenario is a bay coming up into an island.  Your island
is a crescent that has a few hills, and plenty of building space.  This scenario
is hard, but it isn't too hard.
    The enemy has three bases in this scenario.  They are all on the right side
of his base.  One's at the top, one's at the bottom, and the last is in the
middle.
    Strategy: Open with a few Supply Headquarters and a good amount of AA
Missiles, Metal Marines, and Gun Pods.  You'll want to defend yourself against
missiles and invading Metal Marines in this scenario.  Once your defenses are
set up, start building Missiles.  Launch missiles over to the opponent's base.
It's not terribly difficult to invade the enemy's base.  Just be sure at home
that you're upgrading your defenses.

          Mission 19: Sakura
    The base you get in this scenario has a large hilly area in the middle, but
other then that it's pretty much flat plains.  The map isn't too hard, but it's
still quite challenging.
    Your opponent has one base in this scenario, and that's located in the
middle on the right of his island.
    Strategy: Build several AA Missiles at the beginning.  You'll lose some in
the enemy's attack.  Be working on Supply Headquarters a lot.  Keep rebuilding
AA Missiles.  Once you have three or four Supply Headquarters built, lay down
lots of defenses.  Place some missiles and launch them over.  You'll also want
to build Metal Marines and Energy Plants.  Send Metal Marines over to invade the
enemy's base.  This scenario isn't too much trouble.  You should be able to
tackle the enemy after a little bit of time.

          Mission 20: Sunrise
    As your final mission, you have an island that has a few hills, but not
anything that makes it tough to build there.  It may look easy, until the big
band happens at the beginning.
    Your enemy has three bases in this scenario.  They are all on the right side
of the base.  One is at the top, one is located at the bottom, and the other
lies in the middle.
    Strategy: Whether you win or lose lies in the first attack of the game.
Build a few Supply Headquarters before the I.C.B.M. missile comes crashing down.
If the missile gets you, just start over.  Build plenty of AA Missiles and
defend them with Metal Marines.  Build some more Supply Headquarters then
several Energy Plants.  A lot.  Now you can either pummel their bases with tons
of missiles. You can send over the Metal Marines you have constructed and start
blasting the enemy away.  If you act quickly, the enemy shouldn't get another
opportunity to launch their I.C.B.M. again.  Use pummels of missile attacks in
coordination witht your Metal Marines you have constructed to win this scenario,
and the game.  Good job!


-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~
                          Section 6: Other Information
-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~-_-~

                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
                             A: Contact Information
                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

    My e-mail address is SeanKelson@aol.com. I am unavailable to provide help on
game-related issues due to the amount of time that has passed since the writing
of this walkthrough. However, I would appreciate hearing from you with comments
and requests.

	If you are interested in including this walkthrough on your site, please
read the next section.

                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
                                  B: Licensing
                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

As of April 27, 2009, I have updated all of my walkthroughs to be licensed
under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/). This means you are free to
redistribute or build upon my work, even for commercial purposes. The only
thing I ask in return is that you give me credit for the content you use.

                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
                                    C: Credits
                           -*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

    Thanks to Nintendo for the SNES console and production of Metal Marines.
    Thanks to Namco for the creation of Metal Marines.
    Thanks to GameFAQs for being a great site.

